[3.4.0] HeaderClass (#990)
telerik/blazor-docs: components/grid/columns/bound.md

* `TextAlign` - specifies the horizontal alignment of the cell text. For example, you can use this property to right-align numeric columns. The property accepts `ColumnTextAlign` enum values (`Left`, `Right` or `Center`). If not set, the text alignment will depend on existing styles on the page, default browser behavior and the text direction.
* `OnCellRender` - an event that fires upon the rendering of the Grids columns. For more information read the columns [events]({%slug grid-column-events%}#oncellrender) article.
* `Reorderable` - (defaults to `true`) - whether the user can [drag to reorder]({%slug components/grid/columns/reorder%}) this column.

> * `HeaderClass` - `string` - adds a custom CSS class to the header cell of the column. Use it to easily cascade CSS styles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `HeaderClass` - `string` - adds a custom CSS class to the header cell of the column. Use it to apply custom styles or [override the default Grid styles]({%slug themes-override%}).
```
```suggestion
* `HeaderClass` - `string` - adds a custom CSS class to the header cell of the column. Use it to easily cascade CSS styles.
```

> * `HeaderClass` - `string` - adds a custom CSS class to the header cell of the column. Use it to easily cascade CSS styles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `HeaderClass` - `string` - adds a custom CSS class to the header cell of the column. Use it to apply custom styles or [override the default Grid styles]({%slug themes-override%}).
```
```suggestion
* `HeaderClass` - `string` - adds a custom CSS class to the header cell of the column. Use it to easily cascade CSS styles.
```
